mbedtls: remove unused kconfigs for Blowfish, ARC4 and MD4 (#73222)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.7.rst

  of other Kconfig options which are now named `CONFIG_MBEDTLS_SHA*`.
* The `CONFIG_MBEDTLS_MAC_ALL_ENABLED` Kconfig option has been removed. Its equivalent is the
  combination of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_HASH_ALL_ENABLED` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_CMAC`.
* Symbols :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_MAC_MD4_ENABLED`,
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_CIPHER_ARC4_ENABLED` and

>   :kconfig:option:`MBEDTLS_CIPHER_BLOWFISH_ENABLED` were removed because they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_CIPHER_BLOWFISH_ENABLED` were removed because they
```

btw since these Kconfig are gone anyways you may want to simply use double backticks instead of the `:kconfig:option:' role

Author: Thanks for the tip, I didn't thought about removing the `:kconfig:option:` part ;)

  of other Kconfig options which are now named `CONFIG_MBEDTLS_SHA*`.
* The `CONFIG_MBEDTLS_MAC_ALL_ENABLED` Kconfig option has been removed. Its equivalent is the
  combination of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_HASH_ALL_ENABLED` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_CMAC`.

> * Symbols ``CONFIG_MBEDTLS_MAC_MD4_ENABLED``, ``CONFIG_MBEDTLS_CIPHER_ARC4_ENABLED`` and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Kconfig options ``CONFIG_MBEDTLS_MAC_MD4_ENABLED``, ``CONFIG_MBEDTLS_CIPHER_ARC4_ENABLED`` and
```
